Optional ports (#103)
kernelci/lava-docker: README.md

    - username: The LAVA user owning the token below. (This user should be created via users:)
      token: The token for this callback
      description: The description of this token. This string could be used with LAVA-CI.

>     smtp:			WARNING: usage of a SMTP server mades mandatory to have each user have an email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    smtp:			WARNING: Usage of an SMTP server makes it mandatory for each user to have an email address
```
